Docs: small fix for readme (#594)
kubevela/catalog: README.md

- An experimental addon must meet these conditions to be promoted as a verified one.
  - This addon must be tested by addon's [e2e-test](./test/e2e-test/addon-test) to guarantee this addon can be enabled successfully.
  - Provide an introduction in KubeVela [official addon documentation](https://kubevela.net/docs/reference/addons/overview).

> - If you come across any issues with the addon, feel free to fix them. Also, please make sure to update the addon version in your pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you come across with any addon problems, feel free to raise a github issue or just send pull requests to fix them. Please make sure to update the addon version in your pull request.
```
